[se-0426] omit stdlib deprecations, with explanation (#2469)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/0426-bitwise-copyable.md

This allows for optimal code generation because `memcpy` instead of value witnesses can be used.

> The pre-existing methods will continue to exist (see [alternatives considered](#deprecation).)

Reviewer: The existing methods that use a runtime check instead of a type constraint will still be available (see [alternatives considered](#deprecation)).

> The pre-existing methods will continue to exist (see [alternatives considered](#deprecation).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing methods that use a runtime assert instead of a type constraint will still be available (see [alternatives considered](#deprecation)).
```
